fixing a typo (#3433)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/change-your-sharepoint-domain-name.md

| Site customizations and embedded code | Absolute URLs embedded in SharePoint customizations aren't updated. | Edit customizations that contain absolute URLs and if necessary, change the URLs to the new domain name. |
| Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | The first time someone tries to access the Files tab for a team or private channel, they'll receive an error. The tab will work for all users after that. | None |
| Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | It can take 72 hours for meeting notes to work (for both current and previous meetings). | None |

> | Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | On the Files tab, any folders added with the "Add cloud storage" (which point to another SharePoint site) won't work.| Remove and read the folders. |
> | Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | Document libraries added as a tab won't work. | Remove and read the tab. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | On the Files tab, any folders added with the "Add cloud storage" (which point to another SharePoint site) won't work.| Remove the folders and add them again. |
| Teams on the web and Teams desktop app | Document libraries added as a tab won't work. | Remove the tab and add it again. |
```

Author: oh, I totally misread the text - I skimmed it and thought it was a typo for "read", but obviously it was "re *add*"! I think both spellings are actually correct, but with a dash is a bit easier to read I think? Updated the PR
